## License

Copyright (C) 2017 Jiri Jaros and Bradley Treeby.
 
This file is part of the C++ extension of the k-Wave Toolbox 
(http://www.k-wave.org).
 
This file is part of the k-Wave. k-Wave is free software: you can redistribute 
it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as 
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or 
(at your option) any later version.
 
The license places copyleft restrictions on the k-Wave toolbox. Essentially, 
anyone can use the software for any purpose (commercial or non-commercial), the 
source code for the toolbox is freely available, and anyone can redistribute the 
software (in its original form or modified) as long as the distributed product 
comes with the full source code and is also licensed under the LGPL. You can 
make private modified versions of the toolbox without any obligation to divulge 
the modifications so long as the modified software is not distributed to anyone 
else. The copyleft restrictions only apply directly to the toolbox, but not to 
other (non-derivative) software that simply links to or uses the toolbox.

k-Wave is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY 
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
 PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details. 

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along 
with k-Wave. If not, see (http://www.gnu.org/licenses/).


## Citing the k-Wave Toolbox

If you find the toolbox useful for your academic work, please consider citing:

_B. E. Treeby and B. T. Cox, "k-Wave: MATLAB toolbox for the simulation and 
reconstruction of photoacoustic wave-fields," J. Biomed. Opt., vol. 15, no. 2, 
p. 021314, 2010._

and/or

_B. E. Treeby, J. Jaros, A. P. Rendell, and B. T. Cox, "Modeling nonlinear 
ultrasound propagation in heterogeneous media with power law absorption using a 
k-space pseudospectral method," J. Acoust. Soc. Am., vol. 131, no. 6, pp. 
4324-4336, 2012._

along with any other relevant publications. The first paper gives an overview 
of the toolbox with applications in photoacoustics, and the second describes the 
nonlinear ultrasound model and the C++ code.
